hello everyone welcome to the Jessup EFS
weekly deaf team sync up that happens
every week because it's a weekly as
usual let's just go through everyone's
updates what people got done last week
what you've all got blocked and what
people are planning to do next I believe
there's a couple of questions or other
notes next for today as well so let's
make sure to save some time for those
cool so I'll just go first since I'm
like the first on the list my pet is
well these are a lot of peer reviews
merges and releases I did my waffle
grooming be people like check waffle and
like label issues last week and I got a
thumbs up just quick I see some heads
loving well there's a lot of issues I
also made some progress on the MDT never
like they're like essentially it's a
large beasts that has to be like tackle
piece by piece and like some new pull
request multiple building blocks
slightly Fez has been made some of them
we merged some new tests were created
actually formed a lake up on YP FSH PPI
as well that has been reported so good
things still work to go I open an issue
about integration testing exploration
like we need to level up our game on
integration testing check the activists
notes issue number two nine four if you
have some comments on that and I got
back to like the big refactor of whip it
up here belly paired up in next that's
the the next thing I'm going to be focus
on in order to get the DHT on Jessup if
s there's like some moving parts and
like there is a plan you cannot check
the issue that's linked here if you want
to know more about it I'm blocked in one
thing which is I need an API call back
yet to be able to retrieve like an array
of seeds and not just like one otherwise
like the unique surface engine cannot
like tell swap that hey like this
group of seeds are all part of the same
and because they're all part of the same
file please just do one DG query not
like a thousand because probably there
is a huge probability that like the
person the node that will have one block
all that file will also have the other
ones and so the difference like some
similar sticks there that ipfs has been
using to just like avoid like bursting
the VHD that we need to do as well and
we need that API call and so as I said
like my like my focus for this week and
I click my time will be limited so okay
I really want to I close myself and I
just focus on one thing and I just
finish which is this config refactor and
only peer-to-peer so that we get it done
but that is it for me any questions for
I don't see any ends all right cool
thank you
let's go to Alan please next
hi can you hear me yep cool
okay so last week was oh yeah so I was
pairing with Ollie to track down this
arrow which I think has been around for
a while but we were running into it and
I think it was reported more recently as
well but it was an Ori piped error and
it was to do with like the beer so lipid
to be switch and it was in there
somewhere
it's quite quite difficult to follow
that piece of code but I think there's
refax I've got a plan for it and we
eventually kind of got to the bottom
there but then I think that will that I
will and actually get into like I don't
think we can release a patch release of
ipfs to get that because I think Lib p2p
is already like a minor release behind
behind what's already there the p2p is
what depends on the p2p switch so that
would will probably not make it into
until 0:30 so but it's nice to know that
that's kind of fixed and in and ready to
roll basically ways that like I don't
think any there is a breaking change on
the API is in week no there's not but
Lib p2p is already on I think we so I
think ipfs depends on 0:39 I think of
lippy tepee and so 0:40 a point to who I
think it is is what the one that now has
the fix Philippa piece which so well
okay granted I don't know what the
because it's there minor releases I
didn't I didn't know if there was going
to be breaking changes between 0 and 40
on the p2p that shouldn't make it into a
patch release for IP affairs know if
it's just a patch release the the if
it's a release that we can do without
any proper key changes and
then I definitely try to get it in as
soon as possible but and yeah it's a
good point I'd have to have a look at
that or ask someone yeah yeah totally I
definitely tests like Interop tests and
the unit tests and that's the thing when
we do like sometimes we don't change the
API so there is no breaking change but
we do a minor release because we are
trying to hide all of the other internal
modules that have been really minor
right no it's kinda like just keeping
the users from like suddenly newly pute
appear on their current IP FS
installations as long as long as there's
no actual breaking change in there then
we could release it as a patch yeah yeah
I just want to say so the release of 40
was included the base refactor for
switch and I'm currently testing there
was a release are you cutting out a
little bit Alan there was a lease of W
star that's causing issue switch tests
I'll check the island and so I'm
currently doing testing against the
current version of Lib PDP trying to cut
in update to W star or cutting an update
to switch for lit p2p so that we can
update that in JSI PFS so I'm looking at
that right now and doing the testing so
once that's good to go then I'll get
pull request into the p2p and then I can
create a dependency for requests into
JSI PFS so I should be working on that
this week
sweet thank you that's like a cross
update Alan do you think your connection
will hold further okay is still there on
we cannot hear you know wink video tips
I'll just get that this week can anyone
hear me now we can okay okay okay
clearly critic so I did the whole bunch
of kind of tight releases for J's IPO
first after the zero nine twenty release
went out said no ten support went in
some fixes for repo vote repo version
this is all good work by other people
and then we'll start the ball rolling
for the next release and also released
Jess ipfs API yeah and then basically a
whole bunch more reviewing and
commenting
I'm not blocked on anything at the
moment next I'm currently working on
interface IP FS core test suite I'm just
I've noticed a bunch of things that I
would quite like to be resolved like the
the tests not quite as isolated as I
would like as in you can't run just one
of them without running tests before it
which is isn't great because it means
that there's an implicit order of the
tests there has to be that has to happen
but it just means that like if I ever
want to run just one I can't really do
that and yeah it just makes things a bit
less easy to follow and understand so
and I wanted to address that but then I
also noticed the JSI PFS there's some
interface tests that are just not
included because there are like we've
got partial implementation of so for
example the repo repo commands we've
only got like version and stat but GC
isn't currently implemented so we're not
testing any of that using interface IP
FS core so I would quite
like to be able to test the commands
that have been implemented so I would
quite like to address that and then also
the kind of implementation specific
checks that are around like we've go or
not I'd quite like to resolve that so
I've been working on a pull request that
would kind of hopefully resolve a lot of
those issues and I've got an open PR it
would be rad if people could have a
quick look for it just to check on just
to see what what I'm doing and see if
they've got any like big kind of
problems with it or like if the approach
I'm taking is bad in any way before I
get through all of it basically would be
cool because there's there's a lot to
kind of do there but the general pattern
should be the same for each widget
module or area so I'm working on that in
the background I will get around to
reviewing the pin API PR this week and I
want to also work on some of the dag API
the dag API PR that I've gotten for JSI
PFS API which was basically allowing dag
get to resolve any types of them sea
bore and protobuf and that's me I hope
you heard all of that
and if not then give me a shout
afterwards maybe yeah we could what is
in your mind the expected day to release
your tourney
that's a good question it
so it would be nice to do it in the next
two weeks
comes again okay yeah that's like my
expedition if I can there's not a lot in
there but I stuck the iBook cool okay it
would be nice to get it out quickly I
still have to review the pinnacle I said
I'm hoping there's not I know a lot of
people have already had eyes on that so
I'm hoping that that's there's not gonna
be any you know major problems or issues
with that so that that can hopefully go
in quicker
um but yeah that that would be my ideal
sounds good thank you so much for oblate
any questions for Alan any other
questions I don't in the end so let's go
to the next update Zane
cool yeah so um not too much to report
still working that pull strings kind of
got distracted with her life stuff so
now all ready to get back on that track
mostly just fixing tests so that way
they're still compatible so I was
breaking UNIX FS engine and started
fixing those tests related to files
after that stunned I should be able to
put out a PR and then we should be able
to move forward and then I will need to
add get pull stream as or get stream as
a high-level entry now for ipfs yep
that's it sounds good I need to review
those PRS and I also made some comments
yeah all seems good go for it yeah thank
you thank you yeah machi I've been many
working on this non-trust module then
I'm still working on slightly improved
to demo fix some race conditions in bits
Amara peanut in module still helping
fight to eventually get used in the
therapy and as the next thing I will be
working on making me relive module less
complicated because I hear that it seems
the bit already complicated which I have
to agree on because I can't read this
code after a week and that's not a good
sign okay it's with that horrible but
yeah I think I will just write it
so that's good thank you I also know
that you're looking into like
experimenting ready vous and circuit we
peer path right I will get to that once
I has cleaned up module any questions
for machi poor for sign I totally forgot
to ask you people has questions present
all right let's go continue Alex
alright so I've been mostly and go into
hell for the last week trying to get go
and Jas ipfs to these things like have
the same hash is the you know simple
data structures and that kind of thing
so I've got a bunch of open Piazza
against UNIX the person UNIX are better
than J and they're takia first stuff
that should resolve problems now how
people feel about to kind of changing
all the hashes of everything it's kind
of something that we
we will last we have to do the thing if
we wanted easier something to do the
right thing if it might not be the right
thing to stop it this is telling me my
connection is unstable am i dropping me
out a lot you did drop but I think we
got to the gist which is some matters
are going to change and those actually
like it doesn't mean that like the old
ashes will stop resolving it's more
there is like some nodes some files for
example empty files and so on that will
have a deeper - once that fix is done
yeah yeah the long as no one's attached
to any particular actions then actually
okay like no one's had them tattooed on
their bodies or anything as long as it
results like the problem is not
upgrading the problem is like it should
not break the old ones no no it
shouldn't
yeah and so they're there to make sure
like we should have tests on the drop
make sure that a boat for you yeah for
sure and the tedious thing is a lot of
the tests depend on the hashes the
actual hash values as well and they've
only ever been tested with one
implementation and now those hashes
aren't actually correct so that's one of
the one of the Piazza's mostly just
changing hashes and tests well that's
interesting I found another problem in
though we can have a race condition in
the Gerry's ipfs implementation where
why so we open the level DB II as part
of the application do we execute c'mon
and then we tear it all down but we
don't actually wait for the command to
finish executing before we tear down on
our connections at level dps we can
actually pull the rug out from under the
executing cone which is super tedious
it's because Yount wait for the handler
to to finish basically so there's a
there's a module that you can use to
return a promise from the handler which
can then wait for it to result it would
mean adding another dependency to
Terasaki FS I don't even know just count
your pennies a month I think we'll go
was like looking into that like he
describes that problem before the
definitely ping Google like on promises
and error anyway and so I
sir will go th okay yeah sure who is not
here today but you'll come back tomorrow
so you can ping it door okay cool cool
cool
yes meiosis interesting is so level
would be TV doesn't have any notion of
concurring access any ever supposed to
be one thread that's accessing it so if
you were to spawn a bunch of web workers
to do some ipfs work and they all change
NFS then it's a free-for-all on what the
root node hash ends up being so
implemented some locking that works
transparently in a single process and in
node cluster because no trustor lets you
eavesdrop on messages to all workers
that are created but web workers don't
let you do that so you need to do a
little bit of setup if you create web
workers which is fine I think the
problem is our web worker tests they
allow you to grab the web worker from
the main thread before the tests are
executing so you can't perform that cerb
so I've contacted the the maintainer of
the karma maka web worker library that
the thing that actually spawns his web
workers and they said yeah this is easy
to do you know what's really use case so
there's can be a bit of back-and-forth
of that but I feel like I should be
fixed it is an external dependency that
we should be aware if that doesn't get
really like to merge NFS by the end of
the week fundamentally so it doesn't get
resolved I'm just going to turn off the
concurrency stuff for the tests for the
web worker tests for better or for worse
because we can always add stuff back in
later that I basically only anything
that a kind of effects is you know the
first thing you do you're like are cool
I've got a bunch of files I'm just gonna
like promise all or parallel files to
add and then the whole thing explodes
because they're all rewriting the root
nodes wait wait it's like the files
going to the blog store which is file
system on nodes or is index TV on
browser and so you were saying at the
level DB is the one with
low current current axis yeah so because
you make changes to the NFS and that
triples up to the roof and that changes
the house okay but you say that like
we'll have em FS to test we things I
could be a fast webstore and others by
the end of the week is that it I'm
anything yeah okay
can't wait to put the whole npm on just
venus cool so github on it instead must
become more pressing my dear we need to
put github on on my PFS instead we
actually attack weeds not magic krueger
but i met she the other matchy I don't
know his last name that is doing it upon
their you get service through IP this IG
is but yeah we have just like admitted
left I can put it to the issue it's like
you found a lot of you should like a lot
of problems it'll be great if those are
cracked somewhere in some issue so that
bar up to date I furthermore on the
sweet okay
so Jacob and always someone has more
questions probably sorry I don't see
ends okay so who know 10 updates are
finished up finish those last week and
that got released there's one issue with
GC stats but that just affects
monitoring if it's turned on I'm
watching that issue so once that gets
updated I'll work on getting that pulled
into JSI PFS so when you're monitoring
fixed for that I also pushed up the base
implementation of the private network
repo so that new repos up and I have a
poll open for that so people can watch
it that is pretty much there it just
needs I need to fix the I'm going to
need to do updates to multi
but I can read the new PSK my codec so
it all up to that as it goes on and then
I'll be working on updating the other
repos to use the Private Network also
got some releases out for lip do piece
which last week um those are mostly bug
and testing stability updates and then
this week also be looking at an issue
with lib p2p with our TC star on the
latest release of that which is breaking
the Olympic be tests and I think it's
also causing some issues with block
that's true there's a blog stream now
essentially what happened there is a
blog stream filter to make sure that we
don't throw a lot of data into WebRTC
because we're were TC just throttles if
you start start buffering a lot of data
and apparently that block scream method
never implemented a stream function that
is necessarily called destroy and so
yeah yeah like yeah 7y is looking into
that i'm not sure if he's working on the
fix but he diagnose the problem and and
it's actually the fix is like a poem i
think that dot destroy so that's that
there or doesn't get thrown but what I
also means like people when that is all
fixed they should like see faster speeds
using web RTC because things don't all
get clogged that's going to be an
improvement on the private network
that's awesome like so anyway like we
need memos for all these things like I
keep like people every brought through
doing this Carl there's like a lot of
features coming I got a fast rabbit
that's where it's make sure to like
record a quick video like when you like
lend it it's like recording a video just
to show everyone or just come to the our
ends and show it it's good to be awesome
by the way Jackie are you working on
interrupt tests for the private network
scene yeah I will be doing the interrupt
test for that okay I don't think you
definitely shared all of the plates I
think I made all my comments this is a
one as any other extra comment
thank you so much let's go to Vasco hey
guys so for the last week I finished
stats page of the serviceworker gateway
it is implemented in realist and I also
integrated it with the gfs websites
project there is currently being
implemented so the serviceworker
graduates already live in dev ji
professor IO and you can try it if you
want then I I've been checking the GSI
bfsd CTL and it is green again this year
the CI so finally we can now merge
another pr's I have for this week I also
I will talk about the planters and
finally I'd also implemented yes oh no
integrated - yes ffs HTTP response
module English GSM FS the PR is greater
to defeat already review it now when I
knew F time let's shake it blocked
I'm not blocked right now and for this
week I went to have merged other PRS
that are currently in GSM if ethnicity
oh one from Island about the API and
when from Alex and went from gar I
wanted to try to Apple them merged this
way and then I am also starting with IPS
implementation regarding this I have
only one question probably for the vid
that's who should I think for us
questions about it's more for go
implementation that's so Jeremy would
always be the best person but like he's
super super busy the second best person
is Steven we was like as much knowledge
as Jeremy right now and so they cannot
kill you in all of the guilty persons I
guess I call ROM which is also in this
car was like working full-time on go
pure so cool I don't know if you want to
share another net oh sure
yeah I mean I'm happy to just say hello
yeah I am coming on board working
full-time on with PTP specifically Golub
p2p one of the things that I'm working
on this morning and will talk about in
the p2p call is just getting a better
ish a handle on like what issues are
stagnating and which pull requests are
sitting like kind of waiting merge and
whatnot so that we can kind of tidy
things up and have a better idea of
where everything is out sounds good
thank you so much
great to have you here maybe like it's
good for you bash me if you have the
ability to go to the gold Peter Piot
fault that which is after this one right
after this one and just like bring up
like even at your wedding a penis you'll
be great to get a speck through this
implementation because then the rest of
period period also will need it so let's
use all of your questions transform it
to undocumented all the recommendations
then follow sounds good alright cool and
I'm not sure what did you finish it up
it alright we are almost at the end all
the time but we still have one update
left and couple notes so let's hear -
Rob very strong you go
go ahead alright a minute dark I don't
necessarily have anything like donor
block to talk about relative to just
ipfs but I did want to sort of bring up
or ask about I know we're kinda out of
time so just maybe not a lot of time for
discussion but figure out one in where
to have this discussion I saw in the All
Hands call Rosco demoed stuff that is
now living in JSF PFS that IO previous
to that that repo had been existing and
totally emptied for six months it was
marked for needs to be archived and
deprecated and now there's stuff there
so in that also
feeds into part of the goal the dockside
is to fix a major new dioxide is to fix
a major problem we have which is that
there is stocks and examples and things
are spread all over the place everywhere
and it's hard to find them if we're
adding a new place so like I want to get
a handle on what the situation with that
is if we're necessarily definitely going
forward with that how we need to make
sure that it's linked from the dockside
if so all of that sort of thing because
because that immediately looked to me
like something we need to make sure it's
addressing because we're we're
fragmenting rather than joining together
when we need to be joining together I
never sinned agree and it's just like I
think two parts so the first part is the
worded Pascal deed with the service
worker and just dot type if s ru is
actually a new website it's going to be
the website of the JavaScript
implementation they're like lists like
the pictures I'd like to talk to the
mutation ads like use cases like demos
and so on and so perhaps like you are
talking about the different repo because
this is I can actually bring new codes
but that's like one thing like you're
the the thing if you point it out she's
still very about there's a lot of repos
a lot of like strategies for Docs there
are repos that have read me the repos
that have examples there's like the docs
on IPS or IO which is just like dogs for
very simple things on go IP Affairs and
then there is an endeavor to add jest
Docs to all the modules which never
really like got finished and then there
is also like this new endeavor that like
he's having slow so we typed supposedly
you cannot create better dogs so there's
like oh it's almost a race and like the
unfortunate thing is like no one is like
really like running to get there first
you just like people are just like
walking and like progressing very very
slowly in this race and so I guess like
we just like should get everyone on the
same line it's just like render the
track together as I think that's what
you're saying I just defragment get get
people focused from the J's side and I
think I can speak for everyone I
I would love to some direction I tell us
what is best because there is like so
much things going on there like having
someone doing the hard work of like okay
there's Jess Docs there is flow there is
really is there is the end yeah like if
you can tell us even all these
requirements like this is the best
solution I think that like people can
just like back you up and I support that
as an endeavor otherwise like if you
need us to do a lot of discussion
it's might take like more and more weeks
and so I don't know if there's like some
really big questions that you are not
sure for sure
what's up discussing all those but but I
coming up with a proposal like just say
okay the paddy is getting flow to then
congested and like everything that
compiles to the Remy and compounds to a
webpage it can be the docs are people
say oh I will be this is actually a
possibility I would be totally down to
just like supporters like okay what
let's do it like but so what I would be
on dates and I just
let's finish one of the tracks this is
like sense like the is this little
communicate everyone's opinion on the
dog thing am i misrepresenting it anyway
like you speak now for this hour to me
agree having in general having a
proposal for something as much easier to
accept and asking a question consensus
will form people tend to know what they
what they want when they give in hey and
they're giving something to look at they
can then form an opinion about what so
yeah that would be rare to just be like
this is the way forwards follow me or
I've got to hop onto another call but
this is something I've been thinking
about a lot in the context of the NGO
project and I would love to talk about
it more in the future but for now it was
good to see you know okay think cool
yeah actually the next solid a goalie
peer-to-peer one I can post here no link
to follow to that one but yeah that was
the second answer like are you happy
with this answer wrong yeah if if if
what you just need me to do is stick say
the proposed solution I can do that I
was opening up with a question because I
truly don't understand what the
situation is so I'm just trying to get
that but if if if it really is just good
and you just need me to say you should
do this then I can do that and it sounds
like that's what you're saying yeah yeah
I like using Alan's words it's bad like
it's easier to adjust a proposal then
trying to create a call a proposal
through committee and given that there
is like all these requirements that we
kind of like know but like we haven't
explicitly said them which is the
JavaScript community it likes to look at
preemies and likes to look at the module
page on NPM and so it is good to have a
dog's web page but it's a good like to
capture some information about each
module on the ring me as well this is
like a thing that has been written maybe
a couple times in some of the docs
issues but it is something that will be
part of the proposal as soon as we get a
proposal or someone which is like
comment on a proposal and like say okay
we need this to be a requirement to
every me also with someone's information
it's like give us a skeleton and I'm go
like complete the rest of the thing and
yeah okay yeah and I will bug you
separately about this juice ipfs i/o
thing because I'm yeah I'm a little bit
confused about your answer so we just
got it for that
okay yeah definitely me what I was
saying is that the work that Raju is
doing is for this website
I'm just posting here the URL just that
I people said I do and so this is new
code and if I understood you correctly
and maybe the connection just cut it a
little bit you said that this like the
work that fast cui is doing is to a
deprecated repo and
what I'm saying is actually this is a
new repo and so like I think that you
are referencing and completely different
people
I am referencing the repo he did the
work in the repo has been around for
seven months now and for the six months
for six months of its life it was
completely empty and there have been a
whole bunch of issues and post about
this both in the initial research I did
and on the docks website asking if this
belongs in the set of repos we were
trying to deprecate so that there's a
clear sense of what belongs where that's
what I was trying to god and I guess the
confusion comes because I created the
repo and there's just like a initial
commit and then the work actually
happened like a month and a half ago so
yeah because there are a plethora of
repos that are just empty and it's it's
really unclear and confusing to people
what is going on when there's a repo
that's been sitting there for months and
there's just nothing in it and there
hasn't even there's not discussion
either like it's not a discussion area
Federation of the shoes yeah okay so
it's a real live thing now that's that's
fine we just have to figure out where it
belongs and how it gets linked up with
the dockside cool but like I I would
just like to put put forth that thing
that this is a bigger happy good stuff
and please pay attention to those
discussions about those empty every
posts and I soon understood thank you
yeah thank you for bringing it up you're
absolutely right I guess I can't eat to
do some reading on the docks repo to
understand how can we help you make sure
that like we update you when something
changes like when something gets a bit
of yeah I mean the relevant discussion
is you're just posted in the notes so
that you don't need to go hunting for it
see thank you okay so we are a little
bit over time Rob feel free to ping me
just be time for my calendly and we can
talk more about this thank you so much
for the update sorry for taking a little
bit of extra time today I think it was
like a lot of updates and again there's
a lot of things ending yeah excited to
the next rooms of Jessica versus the
demos and the first private networks
it's like the month like this is like
the quarter of Jessica pass like there
is so many things happening the just
just exciting cool
have a great week everyone does everyone
feel like they know what's up this week
what I have to focus on all right if not
just in me true currently or I see go
team cookie